Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
A nightmare from the past.
[Music]
Before this day. Grace Sherwood.
thee shalt be
tested in the dunking and cast into the river.
Shouldst ye float
then thy guilt shalt
be proved
and thy allegiance be plain.
My Lords.
My Lords. please.
And shouldst I sink to my new doom
what then?
Then thine innocence shall be proved.
And what of mine own child
who sleeps within?
And my loves onshore?
[Child wimpering]
[Thunder]
The lady summons foul weather. Praetor.
Aye.
We should make haste.
Very well.
Commence the trial.
So be it.
It is done.
Aye.
So the lady was innocent then?
The lady was innocent.
[child wimpering]
[thunder & wind]
[howling wind & dramatic music]
[dramatic music]
[Church bells]
Grace!
Cathy!
Thank. God!
You look rattled.
Didn't just get off the phone with Chad. did you?
Man. do I need a drink.
So. big changes girl.
Hey.
Hey. what the hell?
Chad. did he do this to you?
That son of a bitch.
So yeah. we got into it.
That's not okay.
Jesus. Grace. he choked you.
That ass hole prick.
I'm out. okay?
It's done. We're through.
Yeah. I've heard that before.
He doesn't know where the new house is does he?
No. I don't think so.
Good for you for finally getting out.
Inheriting your aunt's house is a blessing.
Great aunt.
Moving into the country.
You've got your
fellowship.
It's all so exciting.
I'm so jealous.
Well. you'll just have to come visit.
Absolutely.
Oh. and I found a contractor to refurbish the house.
Cool.
Some ex-military guy.
Young? Hot?
No. He's ancient.
Retired navy.
Ex-SEAL I think.
It is Tidewater
after all.
Rambo the renovator.
Yeah. Rambo.
[Country Music on the radio]
You ever wonder where people are going?
No.
I do.
I just assume they're all going
nowhere in a hurry.
True that.
So is it a shit hole?
The house?
I don't think so.
Good.
Shit holes are a lot of work.
Work is money.
Being a paramedic was money.
Well it was an adventure at least.
Yeah?
Well ...
for now you're in the renovation business.
Until your shit blows over.
So we need to make a
good impression.
No problem.
Tell me about the owner.
I think she's a scientist.
She?
A scientist?
How old?
I don't know.
Young.
She's an astrophysicist.
Really?
Sounds hot.
Sam. I'll do the talking. okay?
Sure thing. Bud.
Sure.
Interesting property.
Hey. is this the?
Yup.
Nice.
MIss Sherwood. I'm Bud Hayes.
Grace is fine.
Hi. Sam Dixon.
Nice to meet you.
So. Grace.
Like the history marker?
Like Grace Sherwood the witch of Pungo?
The same.
Cool.
I'm betting no one ever teased
you growing up. right?
Sam.
Sorry.
Shutting up now.
Well. this is it.
Was my great aunt's.
Obviously it's been built on
over the years
and parts of it really need work.
Bewitching.
Looks like she's got good
bones.
Oh she's solid.
Come on.
Roof?
Yeah.
Leaks.
Hate the wallpaper.
You hate wallpaper?
Yuck.
Strip it?
Yep.
You do faucets?
Yup.
You see the ceiling?
Yeah. Scrape. replaster. refinish.
You've got it.
[Squeaking steps]
Got it.
On the list.
Switches?
Oh. that's me.
I do all the electricity.
Electrifying.
You know I'm also a paramedic?
That's nice.
See that?
Looks precarious. right?
Ah. we have a chainsaw.
So when can you start?
We'll hit the hardware store first thing in the morning.
Be up here by noon?
Perfect.
So how does this work money-wise and all?
$400 a day.
For both of you?
Yeah. plus supplies.
Of course.
No markup.
Wow.
Hey. you're doing business with BS.
Uh. that's BS that's for Bud and Sam.
Not.
Well. you know?
Okay. anyway. done.
Great.
Fantastic. guys.
All right. tomorrow then.
You have a good evening. Miss Sherwood.
Grace. remember?
Looks like a storm's coming.
You know
they've been showing up
at the end of each day threatening.
But they never break.
Well
you should count your blessings.
BS?
I know. I know.
Does your mouth have a
filter?
I don't have Aspergers.
I didn't say it.
Life can only get better.
What's your story?
You sound happy.
I am.
I feel as if I belong here.
Sounds like the house has good feng shui.
Must be.
And ...
the electricity's out.
No electricity.
No wi-fi.
No Netflix and you're happy?
Then you must have wine.
Guilty.
Well ...
should I entertain you
with gothic tales then?
Perhaps one about your Great Auntie?
Or the
Pungo Witch?
Give you the heebie-jeebies?
Make your skin crawl?
No thanks.
So. when do you think
that you can come and visit?
Depends. Is there a bar?
It's a university town near a
naval base. what do you think?
Ah.
the lights just came back on.
Spell's over I guess.
So much for procrastination.
Back to unpacking for you girl.
You are such a
buzzkill. you know that?
Call you tomorrow. Bye-bye.
Bye.
Good morning gentlemen.
I've got coffee if
you're interested.
I am.
Oh. Bud lives on coffee.
Me? I'm a diet soda kind of guy.
Chronic actually.
I've got those too.
[Water dripping]
Beth?
Run dad.
This place is not good.
Run!!!!!!!!!
Bud?
Who's Beth?
Sorry.
I thought I saw something.
Holy shit!
[Snarling]
What's up?!
In there. man.
In the wall.
What?
Is it rats?
Bats?
What am I looking for?
All right. I need an effing break.
Hey. sam.
What creeped you out?
You wouldn't believe me.
Before you ask.
I'm not drinking on the job
because I need this job. alright. Bud?
Calm down.
What did you see?
Was it a woman?
In the wall?
Yeah.
Was it her?
This is your daughter?
The one who drowned?
I'm sorry. man.
She looks like a really sweet girl.
She's not what I saw.
Only it was a woman.
I think.
Only way damn creepier.
But there's no way it could have been.
Not a person.  right? In the wall like that?
Because I'm a crazy paramedic
on probation seeing shit?
There's something about this place.
isn't there?
You saw something too.
Let's try to wrap this job up as quickly as possible.
You cool with that?
Yeah.
How did it go?
Nothing out of the ordinary.
Smashed my freakin' finger though.
You'll live?
Probably.
I just won't enjoy it .
You guys made good progress today.
Yeah.
We'll pick up the rest of the
materials on the way home tonight.
Be back first thing in the morning.
All right.
Feel free to use the sink inside.
You fixed it.
No. i'm good here.
So. Bud. you were in
the navy?
The tattoo.
Oh yeah.
The frog man.
Bud used to be a SEAL.
I thought I recognized it.
Being a tidewater girl and all.
Well. it was a while ago.
I guess that's it for today.
[Distant music approaching]
[Music gets louder]
Hey. baby.
I am loving the new digs.
You're the handyman.
It's a good gig. am I right?
Is everything good here. Grace?
Yeah.
Thanks. Bud.
See you tomorrow?
You can count on it.
[spits]
Country folk.
you gotta love 'em.
See you tomorrow ... Bud.
Little dick.
Yup.
[Distant thunder]
Hey. um.
could I
uh
finish your wine?
Knock yourself out.
I am so sorry.
But you know how my temper gets.
Can you do me a favor?
Hmm?
Take out the trash?
The fish will stink by morning.
Yeah.
Yeah sure.
[Distant thunder]
You can keep the sticks.
[scream]
I'm trying hard to keep my shit together.
[Electric buzzing]
[Electric buzzing gets louder]
[gun shot]
This is what you call keeping your shit together?
[Chimp alarm clanking]
Hey. let me ask you a question.
Do I look depressed to you?
Shit. I don't know. man.
Isn't everyone?
You know you do tend to
look a little grumpy?
Thanks.
I mean like all the time.
Surely this isn't news.
See that?
That look right there?
Grumpy.
Or as me
I feign chipper.
That way I limit the number of people I disappoint.
Don't be so sure about that.
Hey. look at that.
Oh yeah. derecho.
That's a fun-sounding word. isn't it?
Derecho.
I don't know if we're gonna get much
done if that cuts loose on us today.
[Distant thunder]
Bud.
Chad disappeared
last night. He took out
the trash and he never came back.
And the electricity is out.
The phone is out.
And. And my car
wouldn't start.
Hold on.
All right? We'll sort it out.
My phone's out of service too.
We'll take a look around.
Chad's probably just
exploring the property.
Or maybe fell into the lake.
Guys?
Oh my god!
Oh my god.
[gasp]
[Lightning crack]
Holy shit!
Get in the house!
[Panting & storm sounds]
Is that a guy?
[scream]
Sam. give me a hand!
Grace. get under the table!
Hold on!
Is everyone okay?
I don't know.
I'm still breathing.
I think.
Grace?
I think you may have gotten really lucky.
Still no cell service?
Sam?
No.
Do you have a landline?
Who still has a landline?
I say we head into town.
Tell the sheriff about
your friend.
Get some help.
I can't believe all this is happening.
Yeah.
Weird.
My fire company
must be going ape shit with all the calls.
I'm sorry. is it just me. but was
there a farm over there?
Somewhere?
[Tires squeal]
Shouldn't we be seeing the paper mill?
I mean like down there?
Through there?
Somewhere?
What the hell?
Did you take a different road?
Come on
Okay.
Okay. okay. it's official. I'm
freaking out.
Where's the effing road?!
Not even the emergency broadcast signal?
Ouch!
You're awake. right?
What?
Me too.
That's so juvenile.
Seriously?
Let's try the other direction.
Hey. I just saw someone in the woods.
Fine.
[Tire skid]
This makes no sense.
Look up there. see them?
More guys.
Bud?
Hey!
Come on down. we want to talk to you.
That was some storm. huh?
You know what's happening?
Whoa.
Hey. Bud?
Don't go up there. man.
Bud. listen this doesn't
seem like a good idea right now.
Something is really really off.
Bud. let's go back to the house. okay. please?
Yeah.
Everybody else is seeing this. right?
Okay.
Okay. back to this truck.
Back to the house.
Lions and tigers and bears.
Oh my.
It is the one she seeks!
[War cries]
Oh shit!
Back to the truck!
[screams]
[Gunshot]
This is crazy.
[Distant howling]
Back inside.
[Howling]
You have any weapons in the house?
Yeah.
You know how to use that?
What else you got?
Anything else?
Is this thing real?
Yeah.
But you need shot.
And gunpowder.
You mean this?
Really?
I get the blunderbuss?
Blunderbuss. see you're the expert?
Is it stale?
How would I know?
Well. anyway.
it's got that choppy thingy.
I've got a real fire axe.
Of course.
Found the charcoal.
And these might be useful.
There's no water.
No shit.
One problem solved.
No other buildings.
No telephone poles.
No electrical towers.
No roads.
Not an airplane in the sky.
How could it all have vanished?
Hey.
Smoke.
See it.
Over there?
Could be from a
lightning strike?
Or a campfire?
With more crazies.
Zombie apocalypse.
We should check it out.
It'd have to be on foot.
Agreed.
We'll set out in the morning.
So anyone else hungry?
[Bang]
Shit!
What?!
Where?!
What did you see?!
Sorry.
I just wanted to see if it actually worked.
It does.
No wonder they fired him from the fire crew.
Oh come on.
Sorry I've never loaded a blunderbuss before.
How expert are you at flintlock's. Bud?
Don't look at me like that.
Well at least they didn't blow off your
hands so congratulations.
That's what I'm saying.
So how do you transport a whole house?
Maybe we didn't move.
At least we didn't move in space.
But rather
perhaps we moved in time.
Time?
Though that freak storm?
Explain that Astro girl?
Astro psychological.
Astrophysicist.
I know. I'm just jerking her chain.
Spooky entanglement.
That's a real thing?
The phrase was credited to Albert Einstein.
Wait a minute.
Didn't I see you on TV?
Discovery channel.
Yes.
About UFOs?
No.
With that bozo-haired guy?
What a piece of work.
All right.
the theory goes something like this.
Black holes come in all sizes.
There's one at the center of our galaxy.
It's immense.
A monster that swallows space and time
and keeps the milky way from flying apart.
But there are also micro black holes.
Singularities smaller than a speck of dust.
Capable of distorting
space-time.
If one orbited our solar system and passed through the earth.
it could bend time.
It could open a gate to a parallel dimension.
Dr. Sheridan.
open a gateway to where?
The past.
The future.
Time doesn't need to be linear.
We just experience it that way.
A gate?
One way?
Not necessarily one way.
Come on. I'll show you.
See.
I think that's one of two micro singularities.
The storm is just an atmospheric by-product.
That one is moving off.
And there
that's its binary companion.
a second singularity moving in.
So...
what?
We wait for that thing to hit us?
Try to ride it back to our time?
That's some crazy shit. doc.
We're already in crazy.
You know
I've got a bottle of Jack Daniels inside.
So what's up with this witch thing?
Family tree?
Yeah.
Traces back 400 years.
That's me.
My mom.
Aunt.
Follow follow follow it.
Grace Sherwood.
Bingo.
Pungo.
Hah.
So she was the witch.
She was ahead of her time.
Misunderstood.
She healed sick people with herbs.
She was a midwife.
Earthy.
Unchristian.
And they drowned her for it.
The governor of Virginia gave her a pardon just recently.
No shit?
God's honest truth.
Do you pray. Bud?
Oh god. no.
I wish though.
You wish?
Angels?
Deities?
Afterlife?
Seems like delusional comfort.
We can all use a little delusional comfort.
Or spooky entanglements.
Wow.
Can't make this stuff up.
They're both witches.
Okay. I'll bite.
Grace and grace?
Witchcraft?
Quantum mechanics?
I mean if both aren't magic I don't know what is?
I read a brief history of time.
The hawking book?
Did you get it?
Beyond the
first few chapters? Hell no.
Did you?
Nope.
Nobody did.
Except for maybe brainiacs like her.
I rest my case.
Some job. huh?
Why don't you get some sleep?
I'll take the first watch.
uh
Lord.
Help me. Lord.
Please.
[Baby crying]
um.
Oh. my sweet baby.
We are not abandoned.
[Baby cooeing]
[Thunder crack]
[Sobbing]
Mother earth.
Or satan.
Or windeth.
Or fire.
Empower me with vengeance!
Work through
me as your vessel
and I shall bring you worship!
[Scream]
[Thunder crack]
[Video game sounds]
Stop right there.
The mistress will be pleased.
[Scream]
Bud!
Come on!
Man. this dude really stinks.
Who are you?
I am unimportant.
Thou art unimportant.
But the lady.
The lady beat everything.
Her?
Why her?
What's going on here?
The storm hath brought thee.
Thee weareth her jewel.
You are her way backeth.
Way back?
For who?
The mistress.
Grace Sherwood.
I'm Grace Sherwood.
Perhaps in name.
But you are not the Witch of Pungo.
No way.
She is our mistress.
We serve her
and have for a very long time.
Pungo?
Like the history plaque?
Like the woman
they drowned 100 years ago?
300 years ago.
You know I always wanted to win the
lottery.
When something good.
Something cool.
Like a car
or money
and not win a shitshow like this!
Sam. shut up.
Yee behold so very much like her.
It's quite quaint.
As she once was.
For we loveth her.
What is your name?
I am Caleb.
Caleb. what year is it?
I'm not certain.
I've been here a very long time.
Year of our lord 1707.
08?
You killed my brothers.
Yeah? Well. sorry.
But they were trying to kill us.
The lady shall not be pleased.
Those gents were alive.
Now lady will sendeth the dead.
It just keeps getting better.
[Crowing]
How's the leg?
It pains me.
Come on. there's food upstairs.
[Slurping]
Umm. Good soup.
Tell me about your life here?
We work.
We tend the fields.
Grow the food.
Mend the fort.
Tend to the mistress's needs.
Tell me about her?
No.
Why not?
She would not wish it.
You mentioned a fort. how many are you?
More than thee.
Have you experienced these
storms before?
Oh yes. they come like the seasons.
You arrive on the first tempest.
But if you miss
the second one?
This becomes your home. forever.
Polarization.
Polarization?
The singularity synchronizes matter.
Everything that has ever happened
or will ever
happen exists all the time.
Two planes of existence cannot
occupy the same time.
It's very unstable and potentially bad.
Define "bad."
Like destruction of matter bad?
Like we all go fusion bad?
Poof?
Yeah. something like that.
If we miss the second storm...
our matter will
synchronize to this time...
to this place...
permanently.
[Thumps]
Now what?
That would be the wood golem.
[Howling]
This I gotta see.
Watch him.
Whoa!
Jesus!
[Growling]
[Scream]
Bud?!
Get the gas.
Don't get me!
Shoot it!
Run!
[Gunshot]
I didn't think it was possible to shit
yourself to death.
Looks like you came close.
Actually. I was referring to you.
Bud. that storm is going to be one us in no time.
Oh shit!
We can't leave her.
No. we can't.
If we're not back by the
time that second storm hits?
That's all I live. baby.
half-assed and totally random.
[Dramatic music]
Stop.
Please stop.
I need water.
No stopping.
I need rest.
No rest.
Rawhands
wend ahead
alert the mistress will
be arriving with her salvation shortly.
Come on!
You. get up.
I don't want to hurt you.
Thee cannot.
I will.
Get up!
Sorry!
[Gunshots]
I'm so sorry.
I'd say we're on track.
The hairs
on the back of my neck concur.
[Screams]
Grace!
[Grunt]
We gotta get down there!
This way. come on!
Stay back. I don't want to hurt you guys!
Please stop. I don't want to kill you!
[Click]
You killed my mates!
NOOO!!!
[Gunshot]
We need her unspoiled!
Or do you wish hell?!
You know of what I speak!
What she will do!
Please. Caleb. please.
I just want to go home.
We are trying to free
ourselves of this damn place!
[Gunshots]
[Screams]
Is everybody okay?
Gather up weapons. water. whatever you can.
[cawing]
Grace.
Sam.
Sam?
I've got this.
Thank you. Sam
for saving me.
Do you know where we are?
Yeah. Sure. I'll just consult
the GPS and map.
Ah. sarcasm.
You know it is getting dark.
And it's getting cold.
We need to start
looking for a place to hold up tonight.
Guys?
Okay. that's not creepy!
Let's just keep going.
Yeah.
Doth thee have cheese?
Hold it. buddy.
We don't want any trouble.
Trouble?
No.
No trouble.
I just want my heaven back.
Heaven?
Wha what does that mean?
Cheese!
Doth thee have cheese?
Cheese?
Really?
Oh yes.
Lovely cheese.
It pads us out for chilly winters.
Actually. I do have cheese.
i really think we should
keep going.
Well. it is sheltered.
[Grunting/eating]
[laughter]
Glorious!
Oh. so welcome!
Thank you. kind sir.
Come.
Come and sit by my fire for
you've brought
me my sweet heaven
and memory of things so past.
You guys wait here.
And keep your eyes open.
But?
You are the one.
Really?
That's the first for me.
And you.
You are the one.
I know you are of her blood.
She searches for thee.
And you.
You are the one.
You are the bringer of fire.
Oh oh. I have a gift for you.
Black powder.
Oh. don't get it too close
to the fire though!
Or we will all leave this world in a flasheth!
[Giggles]
Can you help us get back to my house?
Ah. the house yond just came?
Down by the valley?
Blown in on the black windeth like so
many others before.
Yes. that must be it.
Sadly she will not let thee leave.
For in this realm
she controls all.
You see
these are her eyes.
And these are her ears.
Okay. I'm seriously
about to crap my pants.
And this is her cauldron.
Cometh to me blood of my blood.
[Gasp]
Grace!!!
It was inevitable.
You set us up!
Where is she you creepy shit!
No!
You don't understand!
Her weapon is not sword nor
pistol!
She uses thy right arm to fight thy left!
And thy left eye to suspect the right!
And before
you've known it you'd have torn out your own eyes
and ripped out your own heart!
You were always within her grasp!
Under her watchful eyes!
I can help.
Where is she?
At her keep.
I know the way.
Take you to her I will.
Damn it. Bud. we can't trust this guy!
He looks like a
potato in a shit casserole
and he's already admitted
to being a spy!
I'm not sure we have a choice.
She has what she wants
and is now distracted
and thee can wend unnoticed.
Her ears are deaf.
Her eyes are closed.
Now is the time to strike!
You can lead us to her?
Oh. aye.
We are not the only ones oppressed here.
[Blows rasberries]
Are you trying to call someone?
Aye!
Are we going like them?
These people you're calling
they're gonna help us?
People. no not people.
Helpers.
Aye.
And haters of her!
[Blows rasberries]
Oh. for heaven's sake!
Christ. it's putrid.
[Loud horn.]
[Distant thumps]
[Creature roar]
Holy shit. these guys.
I don't think
they're gonna care much for us.
No.
We did chop up one of their
buddies and set him on fire.
[Laughter] It matters not.
We are the damned and would rather die
today then continue in this torment.
[Creature roar]
[Breathing]
[Dramatic music]
[Screaming]
[Lighning crack]
Hmm.
Grace Sherwood?
You know I'm related to you?
Of my name.
Of my blood.
Aye. of course. I know.
I was once fair like you.
What do you want with me?
We are bound you and I.
Strangely entangled.
For so long I have been fueled
by rage and wrongs.
All I wanted was to see the world burn.
For vengeance was my bread.
Cruelty my delicious butter.
You were pardoned you know?
It took 300 years but you were pardoned.
Pardoned?
Of being innocent?
Well.
I am not so innocent now!
But none of yonder matters now.
Soon it will all be over.
She will be held high in the tower.
There.
Well. they certainly have the
high ground advantage.
Bud. that storm's getting closer.
Looks like it.
Hey!
We're here for our friend!
Release her and we'll be on
our way!
Friend?!
And who would that be thee dram shits!
Dram shits?
I'm thinking that's
worse than being just shit.
God's holy trousers.
Today's the day.
Hey. cut
the crap you pricks!
We want Grace Sherwood.
Oh?
Which Grace Sherwood are they referring
too ye grubby turds?!
They're calling us grubby?
Let the witch know.
My lady!
Those gents art here.
I know.
Now go back and kill them you fools!
Your rescuers are here.
How gallant.
Be thinks those gents
wouldst rescue me as well?
Well it looks like we're going
to have to do this the hard way.
Cut 'em loose.
Anon is the day yee damn brothers!
Attack!!!
[Roar]
[Crash]
[Horns blowing]
[Screams]
[gunfire]
We just want to go home.
We have no quarrel
with you.
When the second storm comes a
singularity will pass through time
time and space.
I know all about the tempest.
I've seen it every hundred years.
You know about
the singularity?
Curious word.
You mean the dark finger of death
with its crushing black heart?
Oh. yes.
I ... I feel faint.
As you should.
For so do I.
Poison is most disagreeable.
What?
Poison?
But you drink from the same cup.
Yes.
We are bound in death you and I.
And there is no need to pay the ferryman.
We are almost done.
You go get her.
I'll hold down the fort.
Witch: "Are you a hero?"
Witch: "Are you the footsteps of doom?"
Witch: "Or rescue?"
Enter the fool warrior.
The old man.
And the failed father.
Grace?
Wake up.
We gotta move.
Where the hell is the key?
How painful do you
want your death?
I'm taking her with me.
I'm not afraid
of you like one of your pathetic followers.
No?
I can show you fear
in a handful of dust.
Dad!
Help me!
Shall I be cruel?
Please!
[Dramatic music]
Help me!
Or should I be merciful?
It is not real.
It is not real!
Sam?
I'm no mere illusion.
Shall I turn him inside out?
You're a cruel mean bitch!
I am elemental.
Earth. air and water are my medium.
I am hate.
I am pain.
I am lust.
All here love. worship and despise me.
And I will live!
The great storm comes for it is black like my heart.
Ah. William.
Have you come to betray me a second time?
[Gunfire]
Is this what freedom looks like?
Oh what a world.
You must hurry or you'll be stuck here forever!
We gotta move!
Right behind you.
I think we're gonna die.
Then we die.
We did the
best we could.
We did our duty.
And rescued a princess.
And fixed the house.
Damn. right we
did! We did good!
Yep. We did good.
I love you man!
Now hold on.
Sam!
It works.
The theory was right.
We're freaking genius.
Oh shit.
Bud?
Sam?
You're alive.
I guess so.
We made it?
Where's Sam?
Sam?!
Over here.
Wow.
Shit. I'm not dead.
Amazing.
Cool.
You're not going to die. buddy.
We've gone way too far to give up now.
Did you just call me buddy?
Grace?
Put pressure here.
Back here.
I'm gonna an ambulance.
Oh god. he's calling my
old fire company.
Hey. uh I need an ambulance.
There's somebody here with a penetrating
abdominal wound.
What a bunch of misfits.
Bud: "He's lost a lot of blood."
Bill the butcher's been on call since I've left.
Now I'm really gonna die.
Bud: "Yeah. that's the address."
Hey.
Seeing as how we've literally been through
hell and back.
do you think I could take you out on a date?
Not a chance.
Wow.
You're crueler than the witch.
You have no idea.
[Sirens]
Well. I guess that's that.
So. no more danger of freaky time storms?
Not for another 100 years.
You know. I just don't understand why
she wanted you if she couldn't get back.
Synchronization and all.
Well. she thought she was magical.
Wasn't she though?
You don't believe that?
I don't know.
You slept through some freaky stuff.
Things I never thought possible.
The world's a weird place
filled with mysteries.
We learn more every day.
Yeah.
I guess so.
Well. goodbye then.
I'll mail you the final payment.
Okay. sure.
Thanks for the work.
Thanks for the rescue.
We aim to please.
[Ravens crowing]
[Slam]
[Dramatic music]
That's pretty brave talk for a
300 year old witch smoking a pipe!